FAQIntro: what is a sufficient anon score (#1218)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-Introduction.md

There is no room for wasted time and energy, this great work requires our full attention.
Any line of code written to support a random shitcoin takes away scarce developer time to work on real problems.

> ### What is considered a sufficient anon score?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What is considered a sufficient anonymity score?
```

It is difficult to determine a sufficient anonymity score since enough research hasn’t been conducted to provide a definitive answer.
The right anonymity score depends on your own personal threat model.

> However, the rough consensus is that with WabiSabi an anonymity score of 2 and above could be considered sufficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, to be on the safe side, with Wasabi Wallet 2.0 an anonymity score of 5 and above could be considered sufficient.
```

Author: imo current is better

:::

:::details
### What is considered a sufficient anon score?

It is difficult to determine a sufficient anonymity score since enough research hasn’t been conducted to provide a definitive answer.
The right anonymity score depends on your own personal threat model.
However, the rough consensus among many privacy researchers is that an anonymity score above 50 could be considered sufficient.

> Furthermore our calculations have shown that with the liquidity of today’s mixers, our mixing rounds would take 1 to 5 minutes with 100 anonymity score.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

that calculation only makes sense for 1.0 rounds.

:::

:::details
### What is considered a sufficient anon score?

It is difficult to determine a sufficient anonymity score since enough research hasn’t been conducted to provide a definitive answer.
The right anonymity score depends on your own personal threat model.

> However, the rough consensus is that with WabiSabi an anonymity score of 2 and above could be considered sufficient.

Reviewer: I don't see this rough consensus that an anonymity score of 2 in WabiSabi is considered sufficient.
If it was enough then why do we have 5 by default?
```suggestion
However, with WabiSabi an anonymity score of 5 and above could be considered sufficient.
```

Reviewer 3: > If it was enough then why do we have 5 by default?

Because research hasn't been conducted and we want to be on the safe side.

Reviewer 3: I think there's a standard way to logically capture expert opinion. You might want to consider fuzzifying it. See how expert banker opinion on credit scoring can be fuzzified then defuzzified: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__0nZuG4sTw&ab_channel=MATLAB

Pinging @lontivero in case he has some wisdom to drop here.

Reviewer 4: I'm not sure fuzzy logic is the way to go. Anyway, I have just coded the youtube's explanation just in case someone decides to implement it: https://gist.github.com/lontivero/1be4083fb85373893759a18e9cd5e246

> However, the rough consensus among many privacy researchers is that an anonymity score above 50 could be considered sufficient.

Reviewer 5: "However, the rough consensus among many privacy researchers is that an anonymity score above 50 could be considered sufficient."

This was for anonymity set. If we say above 50 is sufficient, everything below is insufficient. 
This makes 2 of our default profiles bad and should be considered in https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/issues/8880

Ping @nopara73

Reviewer: > On Anonymity
> It seems to me that if you reach anonymity score 5 in Wasabi, then that is practically sufficient against any adversary. However to be sure, for the privacy profile we do anonymity score random(50 to 100) as there's really not even a theoretical edge case is known that might be breaking that setting.

https://www.reddit.com/r/WasabiWallet/comments/xf3o33/comment/iq2qd24/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3

Reviewer 3: 50 was a rough consensus in 2018 and only considered traditional coinjoins. For me, 2 is probably sufficient anonscore with WW2 and I suspect it is for 99% of our users. That being said, we went with 5 to be on the safe side.

> However, the rough consensus among many privacy researchers is that an anonymity score above 50 could be considered sufficient.

Author: ```suggestion
However, the rough consensus is that with WabiSabi an anonymity score of 2 and above could be considered sufficient.
```
